‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪‎ Miraculous! Simply the best! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Up to the test when things go wrong! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Miraculous! The luckiest! ‎♪
‎♪‎ The power of love, always so strong! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Miraculous! ‎♪
‎Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
‎The Louvre will be unveiling
‎its latest acquisition today,
‎a mysterious statue
‎carved from hardened lava,
‎recently discovered
‎on the highest mountaintops of Tibet
‎by the museum's curator,
‎Mr Kubdel.
‎Adrien...
‎Marinette, I asked Alix to get us in,
‎so I could show you
‎what I figured out about superheroes,
‎not so you could gawk at Adrien!
‎You can do that any day at school, girl!
‎Super-Adriens... uh,
‎heroes! I'm all ears!
‎Cool. So, first,
‎you need to know
‎that Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎get their powers
‎from magic jewels called Miraculous.
‎You told me
‎you'd stop researching Ladybug
‎not to jeopardise her identity!
‎Oh, I know! Except this research
‎has nothing to do with her identity!
‎I'm gonna help Ladybug unmask Hawk Moth.
‎And I think I found a connection
‎between superheroes,
‎Hawk Moth and the Miraculous.
‎OK, I'm convinced Ladybug,
‎Cat Noir and others
‎have been depicted through the centuries.
‎Until, for some reason, they disappeared
‎and the world forget about them.
‎We already know this one.
‎The Ladybug from ancient Egypt!
‎Here! A black knight
‎or Black Cat Miraculous holder?
‎-Come on!
‎-Hmm.
‎And here!
‎A lady or a Butterfly superhero?
‎Now this.
‎Hercules or Lion Miraculous holder?
‎OK, so now there's a Lion Miraculous?
‎Why not a Bunny Miraculous
‎while you're at it?
‎ You know sculptures
‎were once painted, right?
‎Most of the paint vanished over time,
‎but tiny pigments still remain.
‎Thanks to this special app,
‎witness how it originally looked!
‎But here's the big thing.
‎All these works of art
‎have something in common.
‎It's the same symbol!
‎Look! It's everywhere!
‎Oooh!
‎It's like a secret-society emblem,
‎as if a kind of "order of guardians"
‎have been watching over the superheroes
‎since the beginning of time.
‎Looks like the symbol
‎on the Tibetan statue my old man found.
‎-Nathalie, are you OK?
‎-It's nothing, Adrien.
‎Just a dizzy spell.
‎Maybe we should head home now.
‎According to my old man,
‎the statue is almost 200 years old!
‎I found there hasn't been
‎any Miraculous-wearing superheroes
‎for the last 200 years!
‎So, this statue would be
‎the last-known trace of a Miraculous?
‎Until Ladybug and Cat Noir showed up
‎a few months ago, yeah!
‎That's rad!
‎I'm sure my video will help Ladybug
‎-unmask Hawk Moth!
‎-Wait!
‎You'll publish your theories
‎on the Ladyblog?
‎Actually, I already uploaded the video!
‎The Mystery of the Miraculous!
‎It's beyond awesome!
‎For sure it is, right?
‎Amazing! I'm sure Ladybug
‎will be super excited about it.
‎And so will Hawk Moth.
‎Uh... uh... I gotta go!
‎I forgot I had, um, homework!
‎Catch you later!
‎It's some kind of secret-society emblem,
‎as if an "order of guardians"
‎has been watching over the superheroes
‎since the beginning of time.
‎It's my fault. I'm sorry.
‎I shouldn't have
‎trusted her with a Miraculous!
‎Alya is an excellent journalist.
‎She was bound to unveil this secret
‎kept under wraps for centuries.
‎But don't worry.
‎It can't lead Hawk Moth to us!
‎And that same symbol is on this statue
‎that arrived at the Louvre
‎earlier this week!
‎Impossible!
‎That's impossible!
‎We're doomed!
‎Because of a statue?
‎But a second ago, you were saying--
‎That's not a statue, Marinette!
‎It's a Sentimonster!
‎A magical creature
‎conjured from an emotion
‎shaped by the power of the Peacock!
‎But we've already defeated Sentimonsters
‎created by Mayura.
‎Yes, but... none of them
‎came close to the power of this one.
‎Huh?
‎It was born from the negative
‎emotion of a young man
‎who had no idea what he was creating.
‎Remember when I told you
‎I made a terrible mistake?
‎For you to understand,
‎I must tell you the entire story.
‎ ‎I was younger than you
‎when I was chosen to be a Guardian.
‎My parents told me that it was a great
‎honour, that I couldn't turn it down.
‎So they took me to the temple.
‎I wasn't very happy there.
‎I'd have preferred to live with my parents
‎and be with other children my age.
‎I didn't want to be
‎a guardian of anything.
‎One of the tests to become a Guardian
‎required me to watch over a Miracle Box
‎for a full 24 hours, without any food.
‎All I had for support
‎was my apprentice's staff.
‎Soon I was hungry.
‎With each passing hour, I became hungrier!
‎And it was all because of the Miraculous,
‎because I had to watch over them!
‎I couldn't take it any longer.
‎So, I took the Peacock Miraculous
‎and used its power.
‎All I wanted was a nice little companion
‎I could send to the kitchen
‎to fetch me some rice balls.
‎But a Miraculous must never be used
‎for the wrong reasons.
‎The anger I was feeling
‎mingled with my intense hunger,
‎and I created a Sentimonster
‎that was very different
‎from the one I had envisioned!
‎A ravenous Sentimonster
‎out to devour everything,
‎but specifically the Miraculous,
‎since they were the bane of my life
‎at that very moment!
‎In my panic, I lost my staff,
‎the very object
‎that would have enabled me to control it.
‎I was just a young boy. I was so afraid
‎I didn't even think of destroying it.
‎By simply using the Peacock Miraculous,
‎I tried to erase all traces
‎of the foolish thing that I had done.
‎A monk told me to run away
‎with the grimoire he'd managed to save
‎and the Miraculous Box.
‎The very last Miraculous Box.
‎That's when I realised my Sentimonster
‎had devoured
‎all the other Miraculous Boxes
‎that were kept in the temple.
‎And when the monks tried to stop it...
‎the temple,
‎the Order of the Guardians,
‎everything, it was destroyed.
‎I tried to run away
‎from the Sentimonster.
‎But by doing so,
‎I lost the grimoire
‎and both the Butterfly
‎and the Peacock Miraculous.
‎I thought the Sentimonster
‎had disappeared forever.
‎As soon as Hawk Moth finds out about it,
‎he'll be able to use the power
‎of the Peacock to bring it back to life.
‎Master, if that happens,
‎Cat Noir and I will be there.
‎But you won't stand a chance!
‎He's totally immune
‎to the powers of the Miraculous!
‎And please stop calling me Master.
‎I have never been a Guardian
‎to begin with.
‎I will not make another mistake.
‎You and Cat Noir
‎will give me your Miraculous back
‎and I'll leave Paris with the Box,
‎since that's what the monster is after.
‎It will come after me,
‎sparing the city and its inhabitants.
‎But what if it catches up with you?
‎That will be my fate.
‎It's all my fault, after all.
‎I won't let you leave alone!
‎When you chose me to become Ladybug,
‎you placed your trust in me.
‎I'm asking you to do the same today.
‎Thank you, Marinette.
‎Thank you for everything.
‎Nathalie gets dizzy spells,
‎but it's nothing serious.
‎It's thoughtful of you to be concerned.
‎You don't have to worry about her.
‎If you say so, Father.
‎‎ And that same symbol
‎is on this statue
‎that arrived at the Louvre this week!
‎I felt an Amok within.
‎This isn't a statue.
‎It's a dormant Sentimonster,
‎very old and very powerful.
‎Which means you can destroy it
‎or bring it back to life.
‎But I wasn't the one who created it,
‎so can't control it.
‎I'll help you.
‎It comes from the region
‎where were found our Miraculous.
‎I've a strong feeling
‎it could prove very useful to my quest.
‎You will return to the Louvre tonight.
‎Very well.
‎You should get some rest before you go.
‎Don't worry. I'll be fine.
‎Hey! Why the long face?
‎My mom used to have dizzy spells,
‎just like Nathalie.
‎My father said
‎those weren't serious either.
‎How about a duet?
‎You play the piano?
‎My talents go way beyond
‎sniffing out cheese, young man!
‎Mom's the only one
‎who could make me laugh like that!
‎Thank you, Plagg.
‎I can feel its yearning,
‎Hawk Moth.
‎It's hungry! Ravenous for Miraculous!
‎Yum yum, Miraculous!
‎You take one more step
‎and I'll take your Amok away from you.
‎Do you really want me to destroy you?
‎The Sentimonster is all yours,
‎Hawk Moth.
‎Ah,
‎the frustration of a Miraculous
‎just out of your grasp!
‎I know that feeling of hunger
‎only too well.
‎Fly away,
‎my little akuma,
‎and evilise this Sentimonster!
‎Feast, I am Hawk Moth.
‎You have a consuming hunger
‎that only the Miraculous can satisfy.
‎I'm giving you the power to track them
‎down and devour every single one!
‎But after
‎you've swallowed up their owners,
‎you must bring two Miraculous
‎back to me,
‎the one of Ladybug and the Black Cat.
‎Oh, but don't you worry,
‎I'll give them back to you
‎as soon as I'm done with them.
‎I'll even give you the Peacock's
‎and mine as a bonus.
‎And thus you shall have eaten
‎every single Miraculous
‎and your hunger shall be satiated.
‎Do we have an agreement?
‎All right. It's dinner time, Feast!
‎Yummy! Miraculous!
‎Huh?
‎I'm sorry.
‎Aaah!
‎Wayzz?
‎"Marinette,
‎you're a most incredible Ladybug,
‎but I cannot let you and Cat Noir risk
‎your lives to fix a mistake that I made.
‎I hope you can forgive me.
‎Be happy and forget all about me.
‎Signed, Fu."
‎No way! Tikki!
‎No!
‎Master!
‎ Wait!
‎No! Master, wait!
‎-Master, is this the best solution?
‎-It's the only solution!
‎Master!
‎Yum yum,
‎Miraculous!
‎See, Wayzz?
‎If Marinette had kept her Miraculous,
‎it would have swallowed her up!
‎Or she would have transformed
‎into Ladybug and fought it.
‎Sometimes fighting is futile, Wayzz!
‎Feast is attracted
‎by the Miraculous' scent.
‎The man it's chasing can only be
‎the Guardian of the Miraculous!
‎Soon, he'll have nothing left to guard.
‎Feast is going to devour everything!
‎And we shall relish the taste
‎of triumph, my dear Mayura!
‎Hi there, Bugaboo!
‎Cat Noir? Is that you?
‎Who else would you expect by your side?
‎Isn't that costume a little unsafe?
‎Only on the outside! I've got a helmet
‎on under my banana peel, Bugaboo!
‎If you call me "Bugaboo" one more time,
‎I'll start calling you "Bananoir!"
‎As you wish, Bugaboo!
‎Let's take a shortcut!
‎There! The bus!
‎Hey, driver!
‎I'm Ladybug and I need you to help me!
‎Ladybug? Right! And your buddy here's
‎the famous "Bananacat," I presume?
‎Call me Bananoir!
‎Doesn't matter who we are!
‎That man is being chased by a monster
‎and we have to help him!
‎OK, you can count on me!
‎Thank you, super-driver!
‎Now!
‎Master, look! Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎They haven't let you down!
‎Impossible!
‎They don't have their Miraculous!
‎OK! I'll help you, but ride on the side
‎of the road before you get hurt.
‎In the name of the law, I...
‎Oh, destruction of public property!
‎♪ ‎My name's André, I make the ice cream!
‎I'm friends with... ‎♪
‎Look! It must be them.
‎Who else would do something so crazy?
‎Hey! Have a taste of this!
‎Some exploding Banana Split from Bananoir!
‎Much tastier than any Miraculous.
‎Just look! There's no use in running.
‎Your disciples never give up the fight
‎no matter what!
‎With or without a Miraculous,
‎they are Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎I don't want to cause their disappearance!
‎Whether you like it or not,
‎you're the Guardian!
‎Precisely. This is my decision to make!
‎ André!
‎We're outta ammo!
‎ André! Go somewhere safe!
‎We're going to handle this...
‎-I hope.
‎Hey! Leave them alone!
‎I'm the one you've been wanting
‎the past 172 years!
‎The Guardian of the Miraculous
‎is this decrepit old man?
‎Looking for this?
‎Yum yum, Miraculous!
‎You won't have any trouble
‎getting rid of him, Feast!
‎Go and transform, quickly!
‎I'm the last of the Miraculous Guardians!
‎And I intend to accomplish my mission!
‎I'm not scared of you anymore!
‎Thank you, Ladybug.
‎I knew you'd make the right choice!
‎Come on Wayzz, shell--
‎-Aaah!
‎-Master, your back!
‎You're too old to play superheroes!
‎We can handle this.
‎Take the Miraculous Box and go hide!
‎Enjoy, Feast!
‎They can't get away from you now!
‎We have to find its Amok!
‎Except this Sentimonster
‎isn't carrying any baggage!
‎Cover me!
‎Lucky Charm!
‎A metal detector?
‎When you created it,
‎you put the Amok in your staff, right?
‎Correct!
‎Was it made out of metal, by any chance?
‎Partially, yes!
‎There are only two places your staff
‎could be. Where the temple was, or...
‎Hey!
‎Hurry, milady! This thing already
‎swallowed my stick whole! Aaah!
‎Go hide, Master!
‎-You sure it's the right time, milady?
‎-Ready to get the staff back?
‎-Oh, no, not the tongue!
‎Yes! Great work, Feast!
‎Keep those two Miraculous
‎nice and warm for me!
‎And enjoy the other ones.
‎You've certainly earned them!
‎Yum yum! Miraculous!
‎Wow! It's bigger on the inside!
‎My stick!
‎What is that?
‎Is it digesting things or something?
‎Whatever he swallows
‎gets sealed here forever.
‎We'd better hurry up and find out
‎where the Master's staff is hiding!
‎Farewell, my dear Wayzz!
‎You're the best kwami I could've ever
‎hoped to have by my side all these years!
‎It's been an honour to be your kwami.
‎I knew it!
‎It had to be intact, otherwise
‎the Sentimonster would have disappeared!
‎Be careful what you wish for!
‎Cataclysm!
‎ Ah!
‎No more evildoing for you!
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎No! That's impossible!
‎I'm fine.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎ Pound it!
‎Thank you, Ladybug.
‎Because of you,
‎I won't have to run any more.
‎I only put your teaching
‎to practice, Master.
‎I know two people who'd better run
‎before they transform back.
‎Goodbye, Master.
‎Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
‎"Extraordinary" and "inexplicable".
‎That sums up the surprising reappearance
‎of this temple in Tibet,
‎172 years after it was destroyed!
‎Let's go to Clara Contard, on location.
‎That's correct. But what makes this
‎phenomenon particularly unexplainable
‎is that all the monks who used to live--
‎Wow! The symbol of the Guardians!
‎I've gotta add this to the Ladyblog.
‎So, my mistake has been undone.
‎The monks have been freed
‎and the temple has been restored.
‎I can't thank you enough,
‎Marinette and Cat Noir.
‎I'm finally free
‎from the burden of the past
‎that had been haunting me for so long.
‎I shall go and see them someday soon
‎and explain everything to them.
‎Your training is complete, Marinette.
‎You are now a fully-fledged Ladybug.
‎And the time has come for me
‎to prepare you to become
‎the new Guardian.
‎The Guardian?
‎But, Master, you're the Guardian!
‎You have been for 172 years!
‎Precisely!
‎It's high time I handed it over.
‎You have proven
‎that you are more worthy of it than I am.
‎In fact,
‎your training is starting right now.
‎You will spend the next 24 hours
‎meditating with the Miracle Box,
‎without anything to eat.
‎Uh... actually, I...
‎I need to help at the bakery!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎I was joking!
‎Those strict traditions
‎did no good when I was your age.
‎I have no intention of continuing them.
‎Instead, your first task
‎will be to help me
‎carry these boxes to my van.
‎Now that Hawk Moth knows who I am,
‎it's too dangerous for me to live here.
‎But don't worry, Marinette.
‎Whenever you and Cat Noir need me,
‎I will always be here for you.
‎I'm not going anywhere until Hawk Moth
‎is defeated. I'll never leave you.
‎I have not digested my defeat, Ladybug.
‎It's simply honed my appetite
‎all the more.
‎But now that I know
‎what the Guardian looks like,
‎I intend to put that knowledge to use
‎and prepare a dish of revenge
‎especially for you.
‎And it shall be served...
‎very cold.